Meeting Title: Design strategy for virtual office platform user experience  
Date: Apr 24  
Meeting participants: Miguel

Transcript:  
   
Them: We have to strike a balance. But I've not seen that's. And sometimes it just comes down to the size of the font, the color of or not the color, but the. It's tough for me to. I can't put it in words even. Okay, so, you know, when I see this here as an example. You know. This is, you know. It's more. It's not that. Not that I'm going for this Vibe at all, but it's, you know, it's clearly, you know, they're intentionally trying to do something, and then sometimes these. And I. This isn't even it. The one that I was looking for. Sometimes you see, you know where Maven, I think, has it. If you look at Maven. It's. More. Adult. You know what I mean? And I'm not saying we have to do that. But what I'm saying it's going to be easy for us, for people to go. It's a little too cartoony. You know what I mean? We don't have that risk. This looks really sophisticated. So it's almost hard. It. This is like Pixar level quality. You know what I mean?    
Me: Yeah.    
Them: Okay. I'm not saying this is or isn't, but it's going to be easy for us to accidentally go in that cartoony, a lean cartoony versus lean, sophisticated. You understand what I'm saying? So what. And if you look at. Every. Where did I see this? I mean, they're not even messing around. They want, basically, when you're looking at any of this, they want you to think about Aristotle and Plato. Right? And so, like, you cannot mistake this for anything other than, you know, art de noir, sophisticated. You know, but still. Cool. You know what I'm saying? And so I just want to make sure that you think about that. You know, in, you know, and then even now when I'm seeing dan himself. You know. I'd say I wouldn't have picked this, but at least they pixelated it and they made it. You know, they probably spent a lot of time. I mean, they obsessing over everything. Dan is probably more anal than me. Okay. And they probably tried to do illustrated crap. And they said it needs to look more realistic looking because. It, if it was illustrated it, we can't get it without it looking cartoony. So they went. But it's not literally. This is still done in, like, Photoshop or something. It's not a literal. Image of. A crab. But it's pretty. It leans towards real estate. You know what I'm saying? So that's the only thing that I. Started to have a feel a little bit here. When. And it was really more of the. I don't know. I mean. I mean, and I'm saying it is there. I just. We need to be careful, because if we. If we. It will be easy for. Traditional developers. To look and go. This site is not. For us. It's for people that are non-developers, which it is. But it's really hard to get both. Does make sense to you?    
Me: Makes sense. Yeah.    
Them: Okay. And so.    
Me: Hey, can you give me one moment I need to pick up something?    
Them: Yeah, no problem. Totally fine.    
Me: Right now? So. Yeah. Hey, I'm back.    
Them: Okay. So what, you know, when I'm looking at. So there's two things. First of all, can you actually. This one that you put in is not the same one as you. You select me. This has the community. Like, it's hard. Can you put this one in also?    
Me: Oh, yeah. Yeah. I can.    
Them: Okay. Thank you. Tell me when you've done that. I'm going to keep working on what I'm working on.    
Me: Use just paste that one. In.    
Them: Okay. Thank you. I appreciate it. Okay, so now couple things. First of all, when I look at this, I kind of look at a empty restaurant. So just keep in mind that this is going to be demoed. And what I see here, if I. If I look all the way over to the left here. There's a handful of seats that are empty. But most of the seats are full.    
Me: Yeah.    
Them: This makes it look like nobody's. I mean, I realize it's the pre-party and so people haven't come in yet. I understand that. But we want to, you know, when you go to a new restaurant, you want to go to a restaurant that has. You don't want to go to an empty restaurant. You want to go to a restaurant that has people are at.    
Me: Yeah, of course.    
Them: Right? So keep. Keep that in mind. And I totally get that you're, you know. First of all, don't take any of this criticism. I'm just saying. I'm letting you know now that when I demo this, we're can't, you know, it's not going to be the same person here. Okay. So what I would probably do for this is create a context document.    
Me: Yeah.    
Them: That has, you know. 50, you know, create what it's called synthetic data. Fake data. Where you have 50 different, you know, and I'm sorry to say this, but this. I'm going to go even this deep. She looks like she's the. I don't know. His attitude or something. I mean, sorry to say I'm being nitpicky or whatever. But, like, you know, they, when they're doing this. They're thinking about every single per, like, what are these actually really look like? And these were all computer generated. No question. Okay. They. And so I just want you to realize the extent to which they, they're obsessed. Okay. And I just. And so, you know. It's not the first thing on your mind, but it's going to be on my mind. I'm like, I wouldn't show this because it, even though it's so cool up here, it's going to look like, oh, nobody's coming to it. You know what I'm saying? Yeah. Okay. So it's pretty minor. But when I then look over here and I, I just want you to see what I've done over way, way, way over on the left here. So this is their home page. Okay. And then when I click on, you see this little hamburger menu?    
Me: I see. Yeah.    
Them: So if I click on the hamburger menu, it opens up to this. So what I've done is I'm going to keep that there so I can kind of see the first screen. I'm going to keep the hand grim menu open here. And then in terms of the virtual office that's already here, this is just simply the rest of the page. But I want you to see the rest. The only way I can. So the next thing is drop in meetings. And so what they've done here is on. Their. I'm literally saying, you know, could you please spend time on this site? I think it would be a good idea for you to do your grabber on this. Okay. So if I go to the drop in meetings, okay. It's very interesting even what they did with their website, their marketing website. Let me pull this so you can see where it starts and ends, whatever. They have three different, you know, multiple different modes. Right? There's probably video, too. Okay. These are the most. But the way they're doing, this reminds me of how elegantly you showed our agents on that first screen.    
Me: I was thinking the same.    
Them: Okay. But then if I. But they were smart enough. Their designer was smart enough to know, which, I mean, you're too, but. So first of all, they created this cool thing. I don't, you know, when we get to the home page, maybe we'll do that. Maybe we won't. But then if I click on this.    
Me: No. I see.    
Them: It. Okay. And I'm saying to you. Like, spend some time clicking, you know, before you move forward now. Let's really. They had, I, they probably, that guy's so rich. He put 40 million in 1255\. We might not get to your, the other stuff until after lunch or whatever. But, like, they thought, you know, he probably hired a sociologist and psychologist and ux, whatever, to think through every little thing on this page.    
Me: Yes.    
Them: Okay. Do not disturb. You know, all within this one view. So whereas on slack, you got to, like, click, go move away. It's all encapsulated in this little mini tile or whatever, mini profile thing. Not to enter. This is simply an abstracted fake. Representation. But here's probably how it really is.    
Me: Yeah. I see.    
Them: These are like the micro features.    
Me: Yes.    
Them: Right? Okay. And then if I look at the next section down, whoops. Okay. You know, and I, we're not going to have time because I do want you to go when you need to go. What are you going? You have, you have to leave in four minutes. What is it you have to go to?    
Me: Yeah. Four minutes. I think we can do. Five extra minutes. Or maybe we. We can talk after a launch. I don't know what's better for you.    
Them: Okay. Okay. It won't really take that long. I mean, I'm giving you the idea. Now I click on the theater. Okay, so now here, because it's a small little representation, they probably thought through don't, don't fill it up. But if it's the larger one on the home page, they're going to fill it up. I mean, probably they, the designer, Henry, whatever his name is, that he probably said, oh, no, take one more off here, make one blue. I mean, he's probably that anal, you know, okay. It's just their attention to detail is insane. And I don't think they use clog code for this. I think they over because maybe they did, maybe they didn't. I don't know.    
Me: Yeah.    
Them: And then, okay, we already have the do not disturb one. Oh, no, it's a different one. It's your private office shut the door. Here. It says if someone is doing deep work. So you know this from study of doing deep work. You know what that, you know, the concept of deep work from study stream and from a focus and focus mate.    
Me: Yes.    
Them: Right. Now. 3D chat. I don't know if we'll, I don't think this makes it an MVP. Some of this makes it an MVP, some doesn't. I don't know. Okay. And then they have stories. And it's interesting. Look how they this looks sophisticated. And I don't want to copy it exactly. But you got a little bit of this clean my Mac going on. You got a little bit of room. Okay. Now, this is simply a representation. But what happens when I click it? That's pretty, that's a lot more basic. You know? And so it's probably his share short video stories with your team as you work. This is like instead of a loom video. That's, it's their version of a sophisticated loom video. You understand?    
Me: Yeah. Makes sense.    
Them: Closing a big deal? Share it. They're not just saying, oh, it's an update for my boss. It's a story. It's something. It's emotional. You know what I'm saying? Okay. And then, you know, they have these little.    
Me: Yeah.    
Them: And they, I mean, look, this is right out of the, the deli book in terms of the, I mean, I don't know who was first. You see this right here? So it's not like later they can say, oh, you copy this. No, what does it say? You know, I'm not worried about that at Okay. But there's a couple of clicks here. Where it's like, you know, it goes there and it says come on in busy right now. These are called states. So the state is 1259 available, but you have to not or, you know, I don't know. But then there's a game room. Well, one of the things I talked with. Brian about. Was an interesting thing that Miguel did. This is like, you know, I used to, in balis, we had a ping pong table. I love ping pong. I'm really good. I'm pretty good. I mean. I'm better than the average ping pong player. Do you play ping pong?    
Me: Yeah, I do.    
Them: Okay. I was playing it too much sometimes. Okay. But you came up with something that was really cool that I want to use. For brian. You created a little quiz for yourself on how on about to teach yourself build party, all the different components.    
Me: Oh. Yeah.    
Them: Well, we could have a leaderboard on that. Brian needs that. Brian is not creating little games for himself. I'm lecturing him about build party. And then sometimes he's forgetting it. He's recording it. He doesn't use Granola. He built his own. I mean, you know, but he's not using it. He's not going back and saying explain. Okay. And so. But if we have this for, you know, in these games could be, I mean, this is brilliant to me. Because we could have the community. I'm thinking these kind of things are widgets. The build party community could submit students all over the world. And we get to, they'll create, I got free work. And they want to get it on their LinkedIn or their GitHub. And we get to pick which is the best looking one. Okay. And so, and that's the same thing with the pre-party presentation. It doesn't have to just be a hole. We could put out like, you know, a widget platform for the pre party. Some could be really cool presentations, but basically do you understand what I'm saying?    
Me: Yeah. And I agree. Yeah.    
Them: Okay, so what I'm wanting you to do and then team collaboration figment, I'm just wanting you to really take your time because it's not that I want to copy it all. Look at this. Stay in tune by sharing what you're playing. I wanted, you can already do this on, I think on, I think study stream you can do this. Like this is one call to the Spotify API. This is not hard to for us to build in. I talked to you multiple times a day and I've no idea what music you like. Do you know what music I like?    
Me: Do you. Like. Like, I don't know. Taylor Swift.    
Them: I have a, you know, this crazy variety. First of all, I love all of the shows like the voice, you know what I mean?    
Me: Yeah.    
Them: And so, and then sometimes I just send like this. But this is sort of opera. And I sent it to my friend Eric, okay, who might going to try to get him to invest or whatever. But I mean, but it's not like I normally like opera, but I love this one. I can't, I've played this 100,000 times. Okay. And I, you know, and so I don't know. It's these emotional connections because we have emotional connection to music and art. That define who do you want to hang out with in your life outside of work. Especially if they're remote. Okay. And so, you know, you watch that and you tell me. Not now, but you know some other time. You watch it with a vaughan or whatever. But there's other things too that I that I listen to this kind of watch or listen to this kind of stuff all the time. Well, okay. So out of room. Out of Rome.    
Me: Oh. Yeah.    
Them: Not just out of room. Will return. You know, I mean they put so they did all the work for us. You understand spotlights looking for someone instantly spotlight them on the map on the floor. It's like an automatic version of where's Waldo? This is so fun. Now what I am going to do and it's 104\. I'm going to do this RDO am terms of service. Because what I don't want you agreed to now I'm already using Rome because of the. I want to make sure we don't go overboard in terms of. Like they could end up buying us.    
Me: Hey.    
Them: How are you?    
Me: I'm good. New.    
Them: I'm bursting with like things are going good for all of us in general. I mean, okay, like you're cranking and things with Brian are in a good place.    
Me: S.    
Them: So hold on one second. I gotta send a message to. Hand messages with. Cameron and here we go. This is the. Right. So. We were just talking about the Rome thing. Okay. So. I mean. I think you got the idea.    
Me: Yes.    
Them: Right? Okay, what I want you to. I just really want you to think about the literally the number of clicks that it takes. To start a zoom. Whether it's zoom audio or video. The number of clicks that it takes to start a slack huddle. And the number of clicks that it like it, you know, that's it matters. You know, you know, I think you know, but I don't know if somebody needs to take. Three extra seconds to understand what a website is, they leave. Well. Any friction now that doesn't mean, you know, I think that I don't think that I should have been let into that meeting. This morning on Rome. But maybe they just had it, maybe it was like a, you know, anybody can come into that meeting room. Okay. But all I'm saying, and I don't, you know, they have spent so much money studying. And I'll bet if we look up, there's probably a blog post and studies about where they probably. Commissioned. Rome. Research and note taking tool. No, that's not it. So. I don't know if that's the same wrong. I don't think it is.    
Me: I don't think it is.    
Them: Interesting. Okay, so. Let me go here to see if there's a blog. All I'm saying is that. I'm sure there's a block. Do you see how much. Do you see this whiteboard app here?    
Me: Yeah you see.    
Them: See, remember that the other day I said, you know, we could do is we could have, do you remember I said we could have our own lovable. Using Cloudflare? I think it was called agents, SDK or something. Okay, cloud flare. Build and deploy. Okay, well. What they're doing, you know, mirror, right?    
Me: Yes.    
Them: Mira? What they're basically saying is stop having an app for zoom and an app for slack and an app for mirror per person and goes on and on and on. I mean, this is what basically fit jam. Right? Okay. And what they're saying is with Rome is. First of all, all just to be streamlined, the whole experience should be integrated. Okay. And I kind of agree, to be honest. The problem is there's a lot of companies that will never get off zoom. Because, or never, also slack. Slack has too much institutional knowledge. It's all context. And so a lot of companies, there's no way they couldn't get off slack if they wanted to, not because. There would be an employee revolt. Or there might be. It just has, there's no way to take all of the context for 10 years of data and put it into. The chat for Rome. And so how do you use Rome? Okay. And so what they're, you know. Probably going more after are, you know, mid-sized companies, smaller companies start, but they'll never get like a large, like, well, I don't know. So, but in the sky, what's his name? Luhrman, Howard Lerman. Okay, so he's the CEO incredibly wealthy. Like, you know, I think he put, is it 40 million of his own money into this? Because it's a big, it's a massive. Like if it was just a startup. They wouldn't get funded because what this is is really a change of behavior. In getting companies or people to fundamentally change their behavior. Is the hardest kind of startup to do. And so he's sort of, and I don't know if you put all, I mean, you know, he has a bunch of rich investor friends or whatever. But, you know, he took the up public. And so he basically is like, I'm going to make this happen. I don't care. You know what I mean? Oh, he went to my school and went to do. I didn't know. Went to my university. Okay. So, you know, he made a lot of money, probably at yex. For 15 years. Um, I don't really remember yet, but it was some white pages thing or whatever he asked. I probably got it fired. I don't even know. Position. Yeah, I don't even know if they're, if. They're. Michael walrus. One, he withdrew a $1 billion proposal to keep the company pipe. You know, private. So he was co-founder of it. You know, is he ex public? Oh, I didn't know that. So, yext is a public company. Okay, let me see how much it's worth. It. Cap. It's worth $470 million. That's now though, it probably was okay. Max. This is in 2018\. When did he leave? In March of 2022? And so, you know, back now see how this has gone downhill. It's $3, but at its height, it was $24. So 10 almost 10 times what it's worth now. And it's worth 400\. It was like worth $4 billion. And I guarantee you this guy cashed a bunch out. So this guy is probably worth, you know, I don't know $100 million. Okay. And he can spend 10 more million dollars. Okay. He just has like, if he saw a build party, he probably like, that's a great idea. Here's five, you know, he wouldn't say me say to one of his guys, go do it. Okay. And that, okay, that's interesting. He went to do. Okay. So, but what they did is they really researched this. Oh, I was going to go down here. And so I'm wanting you to understand the theory of what they're doing. And if I'm going on and on, tell me.    
Me: No I'm following you.    
Them: Okay. But like our story, like why does it exist? Okay, careers, who are they hiring now? Okay. You know, then these are all those things that on it. They have all these little doodads, you know, on air might be the green room or something. I don't know. Okay, I'm sure they have a mobile app. So here, look, all virtual office platform guides. Remember experience welcome. Support guides.    
Me: Yes.    
Them: I'll bet this is similar. I don't know that they got videos. Okay? The video conference guide. This is like how to do the video conference probably. You know what I mean? So. Once upon a time my dream, this is him. And look at this guy. He's probably a triathlete. He looks like. I mean, it's cool, isn't it?    
Me: Looks cool.    
Them: He's basically saying. This is what a physical building looks like. Why don't we model the virtual one this way? You understand?    
Me: Yes.    
Them: Okay. And if you spend time on this, he put probably a year of his life, you know, thinking it through a thousand companies while all saving 93% on other software. You don't need all the software because. It's included. You see what I mean? Magic minutes. Do you know what that is?    
Me: That's like the Granola.    
Them: Yes. That's like the Granola. In the same way that I've been saying, well, all we have to do is build in, I don't know if you remember this or not. Recall. The API to get transcripts, recordings and metadata. This is, we can build when we build our downloadable app. With one API. Now we could even rebuild this. Okay. But this desktop recording API, that's what Granola is doing. We could build our own Granola in one day. By wrapping, you know what I'm saying? An SDK to build on device. Well, they used web RTC for all of this stuff. And so. That's alert 1950 per user per month. Okay. So. They're saying it's a value proposition for the tools. But it's also a value proposition for the context switching. Oh, let me go on to slack. Oh, let me get zoom. Oh, let me. You know. That takes time for everybody. You are asking me, correct me if I'm wrong. Let's go ahead and do this now. You're saying, I think what you're saying is, Rob, I would like a desktop monitor. And you would like a webcam. Because the friction. Of you having to change, you know, to, I don't, I don't even know what you do. When you have, what do you, what are you looking at right now? Your little.    
Me: My laptop.    
Them: Laptop. Oh dude, man, I'm sorry. Yeah, let's get you a freaking monitor. Okay, we can't use this. What do you mean? They're not that expensive, but what do you want? I mean. There's inexpensive and then it goes all the way to thousands of dollars. So, you know, I don't think you're going to ask me for a math, but I don't know.    
Me: Yeah, no I was thinking maybe.    
Them: What's what size would you like?    
Me: I was thinking maybe a 32 inch.    
Them: There's 32\. And by the way, this obviously is not, do you guys have amazon down there or not? I don't know. What do you.    
Me: No we don't have amazon here.    
Them: What do you have?    
Me: We have a site called mercado libre.    
Them: Can you, Muerte, leave it? Okay.    
Me: Yeah.    
Them: Okay. And now do I need to say. Or anything? Or what's the site you're going to actually look at?    
Me: You have to go to.com. Ve. Oh well there's Venezuela. Right yeah.    
Them: So you're going to buy a monitor on this site. And you, and correct me if I'm wrong. You would like me to pay for it, which is fine. Okay.    
Me: Yeah.    
Them: So I don't know if I have to do it in Spanish, but probably it's going to understand. Okay. Now, this is us. Although those are, I don't know if those are new or not, or that looks to you.    
Me: Maybe try searching like leave out the word desktop.    
Them: Okay.    
Me: And the.    
Them: Is it, does it say somewhere here? Does it say some, I, by the way, let's get you new. I don't want you to get where it doesn't anywhere new on here that I don't see any way of a, in terms of that. I don't want to like you to go.    
Me: Inch symbol. Yeah. Maybe let's just search like tier 2 monitor.    
Them: Isn't that what I'm searching?    
Me: And I think yeah well not like 32 inch because I don't know there is a problem worse when searching with the.    
Them: So, you know, 299 dollars. Yeah. I mean $759. No, I mean to be honest with you, that would be a little bit much. But, but you probably could go a little higher. Do you want to something larger than 32? I don't, you know, I don't know what larger, but I mean, what is. I'll just put monitor and see. Like if you want a 32 inch monitor for this kind of money. Yeah, no problem. It's not even a question. So, they don't have the size. Now. Oh, here it is. Press.    
Me: Yeah I also know like a store and they sell like good money doors.    
Them: I don't know what's after 32\.    
Me: I think it's 3 4\.    
Them: But. 34\. Okay. So, you know, like two or three hundred dollars, not a problem. Okay. I mean, you know, if you really wanted this one, yeah, get it for you. Yeah. I mean, it's not like I want you to have something.    
Me: Yeah.    
Them: You know. You're important to me. Okay. But, well, actually, hold on a second. I got to think about the webcam too. You know, I got to combine these. Okay. So hold on a second. I got to make sure and then for the webcam, actually, yeah, let me. Because I've thought about you a lot for Mac too. I mean, this is so, these are nothing. Um, but it's this kind of thing. I mean, this is exactly what I have a lot. I have a Logitech in one of these kind of looking things, whatever. But Logitech might be a little bit more. But. You know. But the reason that you need to have this is not just because. We're going to need to test out. You're going to be in a green room. I mean, you know, we need to, you know what I'm saying? So you need to get into this world. You're going to need to know like what Simon's setup is.    
Me: Yeah.    
Them: You know, like, okay, doesn't mean you're going to have it, but like a professional setup. Like when we end up doing. We're going to have a profile page for. Nate and a profile page. I mean. Like we're going to have like how many YouTube viewers she has, how many Sabrina, how many TikTok viewers. But we're also on some of the videos every once in a while. They Nate will say this, you know, with Sabrina, she'll say what, what mics she uses. Her fans want to know that stuff. And we're going to have like what's the what's the setup for each of them? Okay, they are rock stars. So who is, is there an international music artist that I would know of? I don't mean a local Venezuelan one like Drake or somebody, you know, that you like that who, who, anybody famous you like music wise that I would know.    
Me: Maybe I like Drake yeah.    
Them: Okay, we'll use drag. Okay, so like I don't love Drake, but I know who he is. My daughter likes them. Okay. So. This guy, there's the number of fans. Like people want to know what kind of underwear.    
Me: Yeah.    
Them: Okay. If he's wearing something people, oh, it must be good. You know, listen, this woman here. I'm saying this on, you know, to you. I can't say it ever publicly. Ever. Because of political correctness. She doesn't care what she wears. But. When she's dressed like this. She'll get more views than when she's dressed like this. How many YouTube. AI influencers have you even heard of that are women other than Sabrina? I don't.    
Me: Thanks sour is the only woman I have heard.    
Them: I don't even know of any. I mean, there's one or two, whatever.    
Me: Of.    
Them: She's in a class by herself. She also built this, which you might or might not know potato.    
Me: Doro yeah I know.    
Them: Right? Okay. Well, Nate didn't build blue. Well, Nate probably has some innate in thing or whatever. This woman is going to be a billionaire. There's not a question in my mind. It's not, I don't mean someday she's probably, you know, all of these guys are inching up like crazy. They have their schools. You know, Nate is making in one of his products alone. He's making $350,000 a month. Just with his community. He does consult. They do all sorts of things. Okay. And $350,000 a month means $3 million a year. Okay. You know, she's, she says, I'm on a mission. I'm doing it for free. Yeah, because she's got so many people paying her this. She's got, you know what I mean. So. All I'm saying is, you know. When. So, you know, I don't know what these things are. Creator era events, immersive experience. They're not leaning into this. They should be, but they're not. I don't even know what this means. Okay. In my opinion, they should have virtual office that thinks. The creator era. They're just like, I'll bet this is new. Mr. Beast. They're going to, they should be elevating this to their homepage, in my opinion. And it's because I think the clock is ticking even for us. Do you know what I'm saying? Like, that's the first time I've seen this.    
Me: Yeah.    
Them: So we, you not what you are creating. Roam. For creators and they're already thinking about it. Okay. And so is there anything I'm saying that you don't know at this point and you don't understand.    
Me: I think I understand everything.    
Them: Or. So, you know, there's no page on here. But on ear. Conversation with Mr. Beast. Fireside chat. What we're going to do, create yours. We're pro, we're doing the actual programming. Okay. Where we're going to schedule, we're going to, we have a lot more agents to build other than. I don't know if you know about speaker bureau. Do you?    
Me: Now.    
Them: Do you know what a speaker bureau is? I mean, imagine, can you. What do you think? Speaker bureau is a. It's a company. Where you can sign up to be a speaker or to find a speaker.    
Me: Yeah that was what I was imagining.    
Them: That was on, that was on contrast, remember?    
Me: Yeah.    
Them: Okay. So, you know, if I go get, is it get contrast and forget.    
Me: It was called final speaker. Speaker hope yeah.    
Them: The product manager. At. You know, I don't know if this is the same company or not. Okay, but you know. It's criminal. Okay. That they don't have, I mean, you know, how hard is it for them to put up a site? And they're going to do it? And I, this is why I got to hire people because. Now that I really, I can build any of these now, but I can't build all of them at once. But we're going to, this is a standalone site and I don't know where we're going to call speaker beer. I don't know if we call it speaker bureau or not, but actually, you know what, speaker bureau is going to be like this. I'm so enjoying working with you. I mean, it's just, it's like night and I mean, it's not just me. You've in the last few months, you, I mean the last couple, even since play doesn't know about any of this that we built. You know, none of it. She doesn't know. You know, for all she knows, we haven't built any, you know. Okay. So. There's dozens of agents. Okay, that we can build for it. And, you know, but we got to get apex out the door. Apex is can be a standalone agent. You know this. That launches without build party at all. It's just, it's the, you know, prepare your company for launch. Right? Well. In the same way that says the launch agent and media agent and build body, there's going to be another one. I don't know what its name is going to be. It's going to say speaker bureau. And it's going to have a name that fits. With this. It's not a text, this vibe, this aura. Okay, so you're not, don't think you're done. And it's going to be an agent that automatically goes out. And what we're going to do that they're not doing. We're going to aggregate. Demand. We're going to basically in our community and in, we're going to basically say. Who would go to a Drake concert if Drake came to. God, I can't believe, okay, I can't, I'm not going to do it again. The name of your city starts with an M. What is it again?    
Me: Yeah.    
Them: Is that it?    
Me: Would be. Yeah.    
Them: So, you know, the population there is, you know, two, 2.4 million people. Out of that 2.4 million people. There's some number of people. That will definitely go to a concert by Drake. Do you agree?    
Me: I agree yeah.    
Them: And not only that. Even if there's no concert set up, if you put up a website saying, hey. Let's convince Drake to come to Mount Aibo. And if you sign the petition, if you sign up, you'll get half off and you don't even have to pay. People will sign up. And then what happened? And there's a service that used to have this. It was called eventful and it was like. It's called the man. It basically creating demand. We're going to get neat. And Sabrina and all these others to come on and do a presentation or just one even, they might not move their community. But we're going to say we have, you know, 100,000 people that have signed, we're not going to call it petition. But that have said they want to, they want to watch you, Sabrina. And I'm going to do, I'm going to send her a link in one of her little live things. And she's going to go, oh, and I'm going to do it. And they, one of them over, you know, they all know each other too. You know what I mean? Simon will do it. Okay, so my point is that. Just. Even if Rome. Does their thing tomorrow and he's smart. But he's, you know, we're going to be ahead of them on some things.    
Me: Yes.    
Them: Okay. But what we're going to have is, you know, create your art. They're built, they built loom into here. Luma. Right. Okay. So invite your guests. This is, you know, like, it's like we don't want to use luma. We don't eat. Well, guess what? You want to use luma because luma has 10 million members already. Okay. And you can't, there's not, you know, rum doesn't have 10 million. You know what I'm saying? Now they could still create aluma, whatever. Okay. All I'm saying is. Oh, you know, on it, virtual office. These are the specific pages like the guides. Right? On its schedule. So, you know, on air. Oh, we already looked at that one. This is the monologue style. We have a better. Download post on your socials and tag. And by the way, it's going to be great if we have competition, whether they come out before us or after. But what we have that they don't have. You know, we'll have. A better green room. I mean, you know, and do you know one of, I don't, I think you know this, but I don't know if you know it for sure. Do you know one of the reasons that welcome went out of business?    
Me: What was that.    
Them: It was too hard to use.    
Me: Oh.    
Them: Come on, think about it. If you had to do a presentation about quad code in Spanish, you got to come in here and you got to know how to use all this shit.    
Me: Yes.    
Them: Okay, we're going to have another agent. I don't think that's no okay, that's going to do you just talk to her and she does all your little, she sets all this up. I read the feedback about the blog post when they went out of business. It was just too hard to set. Actually, I think I did. I think I did a research as to just too hard to use. But it looks really cool and we can still have it. But you're just going to have an agent that you're going to talk to. Does that make sense?    
Me: Make sense yeah.    
Them: Okay. So. This role that I have that I'm interviewing for now is that Etsy was going to do, man. She, I don't know what happened with her, but it is. So I'm now, you know, I'm interviewing and, you know, just so you see what I'm doing where I'm spending my day. And I'm not sending. I go here, like I posted this on this site, which is the university job board for all university, most universities in the US use handshake.    
Me: Oh okay.    
Them: So this is where I posted. I don't know if I've shown you this post or not, this job.    
Me: Yeah you show me the post yeah.    
Them: Okay. So, you know, now I got 37 applications. That's up. I posted this as soon as I saw me down. I was kind of hoping to not, but I got some candidates that are even better. Yesterday last night, this was 25\.    
Me: Great.    
Them: Okay. Okay. So, you know, but I got to tell you they're all junior. They're all junior. Okay. But, you know. So. You know, I'm going through it and I got, you know, so I got to set up a time and I don't have collab, but I'm meeting with. And so I just want to let you know this is what I'm spending my time doing. And in part because I need, this is the person that's going to schedule what agents we have to build. How long does each agent going to they're going to estimate the time and anybody can build these agents as long. I mean, you, me, Brian, I can get five, I could get five students. She can build it. She can build agents.    
Me: Yeah.    
Them: You know, she has to learn cloud code, whatever. But look, she's, she's graduating in a month from now. With the bachelor's in electrical engineering, computer science. And she's applying for a job that is basically an, you know, operations and product. You know what I mean? Okay, so. I don't know if you knew that this is kind of why I'm spending my time.    
Me: I kind of knew that what happened with Dari was his name?    
Them: You know, I think he's not, yeah, I would have heard from him. I don't know. Oh, I, yes, sure. Happy to accept you. I do have plans to go to a friend's house. Do you think so? If I brought her totally fine, I'll bring the carrier sac. What did I say? 315\. Probably closer to give me one second. Had 20 someone who I'm paired with had, they're definitely going something similar to us. Okay.    
Me: Wrong.    
Them: 45\. Okay. Anyways. It's kind of just, I have to tell you, I don't know what it is about today's. Like. Like. I don't think it's me. Meaning I don't think etsy, did I show you her what she wrote me or not?    
Me: You you didn't.    
Them: Okay, here, let me pull it up. I don't get it exactly there. It's sort of like, I mean, she said yes kind of twice. Okay, here is what she wrote.    
Me: Okay yeah I see.    
Them: So like, you know. I don't, the only thing I can think of is. She wants to work, she doesn't want to work at a company quite this young. I don't know. But. I gave her a really good offer financially. And she accepted twice. And I don't, you know, you know, the only other thing is she's here from turkey. And maybe she said she was going to talk to her dad. And I don't, I mean, you know. There wasn't any safety concern. You know, I gave her, she talked to liz, I gave her kalea, gave her monica. It wasn't like, I don't know what it is, but it might be some international, I don't, I don't know, I don't know. But. You remember like for her to not at least reply to you out of courtesy. Is so rude. That she doesn't know for all she knows she's going to work for a company that I don't know that I buy. I mean like what I'm noticing is that some of the students are less respectful and it's not like I'm this older guy. It's just the Silicon valley is a small even though there's a lot of people here. You know. I don't know anyways. So. Okay, all right, I don't know that I need to say anything more here, but please please please just remember the moment you do anything cool. Just put it on this site. Because you know with you know tell me you know tell me about it in slack put it here because this makes it easier for me. And now. I am meeting with Eric Shapiro tomorrow. This is Eric he is the real possible investor. I mean. Okay he was my former CEO whoa shit okay. And the reason I was going to ask you about this weekend. Was if there's any way you could I mean. Get a little more in cuz you have another hour and 10 minutes. But I'm meeting with him around I'm picking him up at I think noon tomorrow night time which is 3:00 p.m. your time maybe 11:30 might have 2:30 your time something like that. And to the extent you can make the demo even better. Okay like he has ADHD worse than me. Okay and you know what's going to think little things are going to help me like when you go to. Really think about it from my you know. This is the first screen I kind of am going to I'm going to eventually have you put on when I say eventually you know I just haven't had time let's see where's the. Deck here. It kind of needs something that looks a little more like this on this page where let me show you. Don't tell me. I. M not that wasn't exactly it but but a little bit you know so you know we're and then. Because this is like it doesn't explain what this is you know what I mean? And so like on the call when you were doing it like. Okay we have these use and by the way I'm not trying to nitpick on you but you sort of said okay and we have these agents well who's we what what is this thing? And so I kind of need a little bit of a title slide so imagine you know actually is this no that's not.    
Me: Yeah.    
Them: Is this. Is this slide somewhere. It is it's right here okay so you know I don't know how to do this exactly but. You know. You can make it you know command shift for whoops. I'm going to probably spend like five minutes on this one before I really click and. How do I get that up I never I don't understand. You know how do I can you help me figure out because we did this is happening every single time and so like it it it not how to get this one but how to get it. From now on where is there like can you talk to claude and say because there's some layers thing or something I don't know how to even move it without because if I do that I'm going to stretch it. But you know maybe I got to do that and then move it I don't know so oh. Well that's interesting okay I got it. But you know I got. To put the saw like you know but I just want to make sure you understand that you know these are the things you can do this is right. And then maybe some of this should go down here I don't know but I'm going to say you know we're building build party obviously this is the bound ball right here it's live agent native or live agent native infrastructure for air builder communities so this is going to turn out to be a little part presentation and part demo. My next thing that I go to might be a slide that shows four different types of builder communities like what is a builder community? Well then I have you know the next one I have you know four columns where it's like. Software. Companies. Creators. You know the.    
Me: Organic.    
Them: Organics and then the academic okay and then it's going to be like oh and it could be something like you know we're reinventing the software development community or you know you know reinventing you know we don't know we reimagined it or we're you know it's we'll have software development community with a line through it that isn't.    
Me: Schools.    
Them: That isn't what it is anymore software you know it's a different you know what I'm saying? Okay so anyways. Sorry to interrupt the thing about you is that you don't you never seem to mind when I interrupt you.    
Me: Yeah not really.    
Them: Like other people are like Rob I'm in a flow you know whatever I could barely you know anyways.    
Me: Like. Yeah yeah I feel like I've been flowing today very good.    
Them: I'm going to. Yeah oh do you have oh and then in the was there was there stuff you put on I forget what the things were that you.    
Me: Oh yeah it's on the right side right below the old prepared lobby screen.    
Them: Okay yeah so you know put. So here's the other thing I really want you to think about. I'm very sure that we will also have I mean we'll have it embedded player. But you know slack doesn't have their video embedded slacks huddle is a separate app there's no way to integrate it. Right.    
Me: Yeah.    
Them: Discord has both and the reason that I need to get on discord is to kind of play around with how it works on discord I need you in particular I need you to understand all the different ways you can do audio and video on discord. They simply don't have the. Layout in the right way but we're going to have it here where this video window could go all the way down and it could be a full chat that like this could mostly be chat. We've you've been thinking or not you've been thinking most of the. Pre-party lobby has been. Where the video takes over the entire thing. But users are going to be able to you know minimize this into a smaller thing you know what I mean?    
Me: Oh yeah.    
Them: In the same way that they can in discord but but simply better okay so you're not you can't just think about because the problem is. Chat sometimes is much more important than the video. Right now. Your video and my video is little teeny right because I'm sharing screen. And so don't think that video always has to be large. That's one state of being for the video it could also it could also take over the whole screen.    
Me: Yeah.    
Them: These things could come off you know from the side so we have to think what are the top three. Top five top ten we don't want to have like 20 different. I mean it's too many whatever but because. Youe know what I mean so you get the idea.    
Me: Yeah.    
Them: Okay so listen I can't. I'm not going to have time to do this well okay it doesn't matter I'm just going to say what I want to do is have. You know not only that but for even for this. I want to start putting our build party logo I love that thing that you create do we put a bee in there do we not is it just. You know I don't know what we do with it you know what I mean the ball.    
Me: I don't know about a big I think like doing the eyes give more personality.    
Them: Yeah I wouldn't worry about that right I mean even if you know whatever but have you worked at all on the.    
Me: Yeah.    
Them: I don't know if you had time let me just go back look and then I'll let you guys I really got to go. 23\. So design a pre-party library so you started doing that you're obviously finished define the build party design system.    
Me: Yeah.    
Them: Have you working on that too or is that I don't remember is that part of this or not?    
Me: Like I have been experimenting with the colors there but not exactly I haven't said the visual foundation yet.    
Them: Number two. Okay and my guess is you haven't done storybook at all.    
Me: Yeah no like yeah I really underestimated the pre-parallely but I think yeah.    
Them: That's fine okay. I know this is I know when I saw this and it's okay I'm not you know it isn't you know we got a really good flow going if you could. If you could spend a little bit of thought about there's kind of two things one is. If you could somehow. It's almost like two screens where there's. The final one or not? Or this this is the one where he looks asleep.    
Me: He looks asleep yeah.    
Them: Right. Yeah you got it you know please please please replace anything whenever you do you have a new one an updated one or not?    
Me: Yeah.    
Them: Okay so you know. Something cool. That is semi final always put it in figma immediately because it's like there you go okay great so. So until I have it in the demo thing this is all it's the only place I have it right and. You know so and then you know maybe there's two versions of this one where these are even a little smaller so that you can fit some of this stuff on right. Yout know I don't. These individual or not. Okay so. Well I don't want to mess your thing up. And then maybe there's yet another screen sorry how do I okay I don't know how to get this. Out of I don't want I now I'm messing up your thing okay. Oh I click it okay I got it so maybe there's two of the screen first the one that has build party with some of this and these are a little smaller and then the next one it really highlights gets rid of this still has build party. But it's really these are larger and there's more of a focus on this you know what I mean? Okay so. Just think about the fact that. The person who I'm talking to doesn't know what build party is so I can't just start saying we got these agents I need to spend a minute or two explaining. What this is. You know. And you understand. Okay if if there's any way you could spend so can are you able to work tomorrow instead of sunday and before or I don't know what your schedule is we didn't really talk about it that's what I was want to talk about earlier.    
Me: I think I can work tomorrow yeah.    
Them: Okay so if you could please just you know stay in touch tomorrow I'm not going to take I don't want to take up your time. But I'm going to try if you have as soon as you have something I'm going to want to look at it and give you real time feedback kind of thing you know what okay and then the okay and then the only other thing I want to do is open it up on mobile. And so if I go like this and I go mirror. I need to think how do I get there but is the oh you know what I can create an app icon. Right. And then I can put it on my home screen and have it automatically link to the vercel link so that it looks like you're going it looks like an app. Right so can you also create. An iPhone I mean we've got to do it anyways right so an iPhone app icon that says build party because it's going to look like oh you've already launched it right.    
Me: It's okay.    
Them: Okay and then the only thing that I you know I have to figure you know I'll as soon as you do that I'll put on my home screen and I'll figure out how to connect that app icon directly to the I don't even know how to do it now. I would actually you know what I would go. Here. Agents. Okay and then here and then here and then here so I just want to flash it up to see how it looks on my phone. This is how it will look on the phone. And I don't know if this is intentional or not. Like is this how you want it to look?    
Me: No it looks.    
Them: I wouldn't mind if I could see no I mean these are.    
Me: Like.    
Them: So cool. Okay.    
Me: Yeah.    
Them: If you could. It's responsive it's better but it's not where it needs to be and so what I would want to have is you know when you do the build party live agentic what you know agent native then you know I can scroll down and you understand but I still would want the icons here it just looks cool. Okay and then. So I click there you know I'm. Going to it what I wouldn't mind is instead of going right into scanning. Because it does it's a little disorienting it's like what is going on here and I can't see the one the two you know what I mean? These it's a little too rounded for me in terms of. It looks a little too playful maybe I don't know if that's the case or not. Maybe I'm wrong I could be wrong on that but maybe it's because the orange I don't know it don't you don focus on the orange and focus more on just the. Getting the agent. S. List out the things that we talked about that you have to do and don't do all of them try to prioritize which ones you think and send me a slack with Rob here's all the changes did you did you got Granola going?    
Me: Yeah. I have Granola going. Here.    
Them: List out in a slack rub here are the changes that you said okay and here's what I order I think you want them in and then I input 123 and I can respond when I'm at my event this afternoon at my dinner with now do number three you know what I mean? Okay if you do that in the next half hour I'll just the prioritization I'll get back to you even before you end for the day and you know so that way do you have any idea what time tomorrow you'll you'll start or not?    
Me: So you're meeting with Eric what time you said.    
Them: It's about 2 30 your time around 11 30 well let's just say 11 around 2 o'clock because I also need time to. Look at it and make sure that it's working and if I not contact you know that kind of thing I don't want it to be in a situation where like. Youe know also can I have a can you do it where there's a backup link so that if for any reason the main link doesn't work it's not like it's like shit I don't have anything.    
Me: Yeah I think I can do it yeah.    
Them: You know what I mean okay yeah so I listen you're going to work whatever time you're going to work what time do you think?    
Me: I could work tomorrow in the morning probably. I will try like 10 a.m. my time.    
Them: Okay great that'll be perfect because then I will and I think I'm on with brian deploying to AWS tomorrow morning so okay I'm going to let you go okay.    
Me: Okay okay bye.    
Them: Great good job thanks so much bye bye.    
Me: Thanks.